Standardize on "the first use" (#439)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/a.adoc

[[ack]]
==== image:images/no.png[no] ACK (noun)

> *Description*: Do not use _ACK_ as acronym for "acknowledgment" in general. When writing about the acknowledgment flag ("ACK flag") in a TCP packet, use "ACK flag".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: Do not use _ACK_ as an abbreviation for "acknowledgment". When writing about the acknowledgment flag ("ACK flag") in a TCP packet, use "ACK flag".
```
`ACK` is not an acronym, according to [M-W Dictionary's definition](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/acronym).

Author: Nice catch. Thank you. Updated.
